We develop a novel region-based object detection and instance segmentation approach by boosting information flow from across layers, iterative pyramid and global context information. We use a feature pyramid Mask RCNN as our backbone [1, 2]. Our contributions are listed as follows. 1) Instead of assigning object proposals to different levels by a heuristic metric, we allow each proposal adaptively to pick useful information from all levels, leading to improved information flow from across layers. 2) We augment another path from lower layers to top layers based on the observation that larger objects could surprisingly benefit more from lower layer features, resulting in improved information flow from iterative pyramid. 3) We augment the FCN-like mask prediction branch with tiny fully-connected layers, improving information flow from global context information when predicting pixel-wise mask. As a result, masks with higher quality are produced. Our models are pre-trained on ImageNet and fine-tuned on COCO trainval subset with mask annotations. We directly take the tighten bounding boxes around each mask prediction as our object detection results. Our best single model performance is 44 in terms of instance segmentation and 47.8 in terms of object detection on test-dev subset. We find that the performances based on Resnext-101 (64*4d), SE-ResNext-101 (32*4d), Resnet-269 and SENet are just comparable. We hypothesis the reason is that the limited GPU memory makes the larger models can only be trained on smaller image input which limits their capability. For ensemble, we used 3 Resnext-101 (64*4d), 2 Se-ResNext-101 (32*4d), 1 Resnet-269 and 1 SENet. With network ensemble, we achieve 46.7 in terms of instance segmentation and 51 in terms of object detection on test-dev subset. [1] T. Lin, P. Dollár, R. B. Girshick, K. He, B. Hariharan, and S. J. Belongie. Feature pyramid networks for object detection. CVPR 2017. [2] K. He, G. Gkioxari, P. Dolla ́r and R. B. Girshick. Mask R-CNN. ICCV 2017.