We train neural networks with depth of over 150 layers for classification, detection, and segmentation. We propose a “deep residual learning” framework [a] that eases the optimization and convergence of extremely deep networks. Our “deep residual nets” enjoy accuracy gains when the networks are substantially deeper than those used previously. Such accuracy gains are not witnessed for many common networks when going deeper. Our instance semantic system is based on our work in [b]. We build a Multi-task Network Cascade for proposing regions, regressing masks, and categorizing instances. We develop an end-to-end algorithm for training this causal, cascaded system. In particular, we propose an “RoI warping” layer that is differentiable with respect to the region coordinates, so the entire backpropagation can be performed in a theoretically valid way. Our object detection system is based on the “Faster R-CNN” system in our NIPS paper [c]. The region proposal network (RPN) in Faster R-CNN effectively learns the proposals on the COCO dataset, and the result in this submission is obtained by using only 300 proposals per image for a single model. The object detection network is built based on the observations in [d]. Both object detection and instance segmentation systems benefit greatly from the extremely deep residual networks. On the COCO detection dataset, Faster R-CNN with a 101-layer residual net shows 30% relative improvement over the counterpart Faster R-CNN with VGG-16. The training set for the classification network is the 1000-class ImageNet training set. The training set for the detection task is the MS COCO trainval set with box-level annotations. The training set for the segmentation task is the MS COCO trainval set with mask-level annotations. [a] “Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition”, Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun. Tech Report 2015. [b] “Instance-aware semantic segmentation via multi-task network cascades”, Jifeng Dai, Kaiming He, Jian Sun. Tech Report 2015. [c] “Faster R-CNN: Towards Real-Time Object Detection with Region Proposal Networks”, Shaoqing Ren, Kaiming He, Ross Girshick, Jian Sun. NIPS 2015. [d] “Object Detection Networks on Convolutional Feature Maps”, Shaoqing Ren, Kaiming He, Ross Girshick, Xiangyu Zhang, Jian Sun. arXiv 2015.